update setup instructions with PostgreSQL 15 (#561)
3scale/zync: doc/Quickstart.md

**Note:** The command `brew services start postgresql` starts the service of PostgreSQL. If later `./bin/setup` aborts, make sure that the `PostgreSQL` service is running. Verify with `brew services list` that has a status `started` and looking green. If the status is `started` but coloured orange, fix the errors indicated in the log located in `/usr/local/var/log/postgres.log`

## Run PostgreSQL on Fedora 42

> Better use instructions for container below because with Fedora ou can't controll PostgreSQL version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Better use instructions for container below because with Fedora you can't control PostgreSQL version.
```

Author: :angry: that `y` key! I submitted a support request, haha
